Add studio backup section (#123)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Configuration/tips-and-tricks/index.md

- `WINEESYNC`: allows Wine Staging to use Esync, please see [HowToEsync](https://github.com/lutris/docs/blob/master/HowToEsync.md) for more information.
- `WINEDEBUG`: for performance reasons, this has been set to `-all`, which disables most of the logging. In order to debug crashes of Wine, it is recommended to set this to an empty string (`""`).
- `DXVK_HUD`: is a variable used by DXVK for a hud, for more information about it you can see the [DXVK README](https://github.com/doitsujin/dxvk#hud), which includes various other variables that can be set. This can be set, for example, to `fps` to display an fps counter.

## Studio backup

> Before you delete your wineprefixes via `vinegar delete` or `flatpak run org.vinegarhq.Vinegar delete`, you should backup data you have on your Studio prefix. This includes your settings, files you have stored etc.

Reviewer: @apprehensions Is Studio saving local files on the prefix? We might want to change that.

--

In this case, I don't think the `etc.` is needed as there's actually no other kinds of data, so I'd word it more like:
```suggestion
Before you delete your wineprefixes via `vinegar delete` or `flatpak run org.vinegarhq.Vinegar delete`, you should backup data you have on your Studio prefix. This includes your settings and files you've stored.
```

The Studio prefix location depends on how you installed Vinegar:

- On Flatpak, it's located in `~/.var/app/org.vinegarhq.Vinegar/data/vinegar/prefixes/studio`
- On other methods, it's located in `~/.local/share/vinegar/prefixes/studio`

Where Roblox Studio store their settings and what they store:

> - `(studio prefix)/user.reg` : Studio theme, Docking layout
> - `(studio prefix)/drive_c/users/(username)/AppData/Local/Roblox/GlobalSettings_13.xml`: Display language, Fonts etc 
> - `(studio prefix)/drive_c/users/(username)/AppData/Local/Roblox/GlobalBasicSettings_13_Studio.xml`: MicroProfiler, Fullscreen etc

Reviewer: Some fixes to text consistency needed:
```suggestion
- `(studio prefix)/user.reg`: Studio theme, Docking layout.
- `(studio prefix)/drive_c/users/(username)/AppData/Local/Roblox/GlobalSettings_13.xml`: Display language, Fonts, etc. 
- `(studio prefix)/drive_c/users/(username)/AppData/Local/Roblox/GlobalBasicSettings_13_Studio.xml`: MicroProfiler, Fullscreen, etc.
```
